June gazed around her bedroom.  The room was unrecognizable.   The two beds had been removed, leaving only two rectangular dust outlines on the floor where they had been.  An oak bookcase, usually adorned wtih a litney of various books and notebooks, now sat empty.  Her clothes, toys, and all her most precious belongings had been packed up the night before.  

June was 10 years old.  She had lived in the once small villiage of Windingham her whole life.  However the villiage, if it could even still be called that, was now closer to the size of a city.  She had witnessed this transformation, although she was barely old enough to remember the viliage before it had become an engineering hub for the military.  She gazed out her window.  Her house sat atop a slight hill so she could see over the many rooftops into the harbor beyond.  Next to that she could see the shipyard, which housed a massive gleaming bronze ship. She could see a few small bronze blimps hovering over the harbor, presumably checking weather conditions in preparation for the ship's maiden voyage.  This ship had been sitting there in the shipyard for years, and it was quite famous in the region.  Everyone was talking about the first ever transoceanic naval vessel.  

Nearly 10 years ago, the Kratic Empire conqued the entire known world.  The Kratic government was obsessed with expansion, particular accross the ocean; which had until now been unreachable.  

June wondered if she would miss this place.  It was the only home she had ever known; and she knew this may be the last time she'd ever see it.  